docs/advanced_setups/code_connection.md, before:

# Connect your code

To more easily pipe results from your code right into Snowman, you can make use of its API.
The following guide will outline the necessary steps and give you a brief introduction.

## Snowman API

Whenever a local Snowman instance is running, the API is listening at `http://localhost:8123/api`
for requests to arrive. This interface is also used by the Snowman frontend itself.

As no further authorization is implemented, every process on your computer is able to fully make
use of Snowman's capabilities. Adding it your application is therefore pretty easy.

Uploading results consists of two steps:

0. Add the dataset to Snowman.
1. Create a new experiment.
2. Upload data to it.

## Use case

In this example, we want to export our results from a python script running an ML mode for
duplicate detection. Consider the following example:

```python
import io
import csv

...

# Results produced by the ML solution
results = ...

# Create a new string builder to write to
output = io.StringIO()
writer = csv.writer(output, quoting=csv.QUOTE_NONNUMERIC)

# Write the CSV header
writer.writerow(['p1', 'p2', 'prediction'])

for row in results:
    # Write each row, prediction is either 0 (no duplicate) or 1 (duplicate)
    writer.writerow([row['id1'], row['id2'], row['label']])

# CSV string to upload to Snowman
csvString = output.getvalue()
print(csvString)
```

With this code, we are able to convert the previously labeled data into the csv format
the API is able to understand - in this case, the [`pilot`](/basic_usage/experiments) format.

It remains now to upload the csv data.

## Upload results

As outlined above, this procedure consists of two steps.

First, create a new experiment. You will need the `datasetId` and `algorithmId` you want the experiment to be assigned to.  
```python
import requests

newExpPayload = {'datasetId': 5, 'algorithmId': 2, 'name':'myexample-run01','description':'automatic-upload'}
resultCreate = requests.post('http://localhost:8123/api/v1/experiments', json=newExpPayload)
print(resultCreate.text)
newExpId = resultCreate.text
```
This will return the new experiment's id which you will need in the next step.

Secondly, upload the data we already exported to csv:
```python
import requests

resultUpload = requests.put('http://localhost:8123/api/v1/experiments/' + newExpId + '/file?format=pilot', data=csvString, headers={'Content-Type': 'text/csv'})
print(resultUpload.status_code)
```
If this second request runs fine, the upload process is complete.

As you saw, it is quite is to upload a new experiment. You do not need any manual steps if
`datasetId` and `algorithmId` are already known and hard-coded :)

Commit message:

Show ids in ui edit dialogs + improve code_connection docs

docs/advanced_setups/code_connection.md, after:

# Connect your code

To more easily pipe results from your code into Snowman, you can make use of its [REST API](../swagger/index.html).
The following guide will outline the necessary steps and give you a brief introduction.

## Snowman API

Whenever a local Snowman instance is running, the API is listening at `http://localhost:8123/api` (can be [configured via command line arguments](../dev_setup/introduction.md#command-line-arguments)).
This interface is also used by the Snowman frontend.

**Be advised: We have not yet implemented any security features or authorization.** That means every process on your computer is able to access the API.

You can upload results in two steps:

1. Create a new experiment.
2. Upload data to it.

## Use case

In this example, we want to export our results from a python script running a ML matching solution. Consider the following code:

```python
import io
import csv

...

# Results produced by the ML solution
candidate_pairs = ...

# Create a new string builder to write to
output = io.StringIO()
writer = csv.writer(output, quoting=csv.QUOTE_NONNUMERIC)

# Write the CSV header
writer.writerow(['p1', 'p2', 'prediction'])

for candidate_pair in candidate_pairs:
    # Write each row, prediction/label is either 0 (no duplicate) or 1 (duplicate)
    writer.writerow([candidate_pair['id1'], candidate_pair['id2'], candidate_pair['label']])

# CSV string to upload to Snowman
csv_string = output.getvalue()
print(csv_string)
```

With this code, we are able to convert the results into a csv format
the API is able to understand - in this case, the [`pilot`](/basic_usage/experiments) format.

It remains to upload the csv data.

## Upload results

As outlined above, this procedure consists of two steps.

First, create a new experiment. *Note: You will need a `datasetId` and `algorithmId` to assign the experiment to. We recommend creating (or selecting) a dataset and matching solution (algorithm) with the UI. The IDs are shown in brackets behind the header of all edit dialogs.*

```python
import requests

new_experiment_payload = {'datasetId': 5, 'algorithmId': 2, 'name':'my-example-run-01','description':'automatic-upload'}
create_experiment_response = requests.post('http://localhost:8123/api/v1/experiments', json=new_experiment_payload)
new_experiment_id = create_experiment_response.text
print(new_experiment_id)
```

This will return the new experiment's id which you will need in the next step.

Now upload the data we already exported to csv:

```python
import requests

upload_pairs_response = requests.put(f'http://localhost:8123/api/v1/experiments/{new_experiment_id}/file?format=pilot', data=csv_string, headers={'Content-Type': 'text/csv'})
print(upload_pairs_response.status_code)
```

If both request return a 200er status code, the upload process is complete.
